#Recent News/JP/2019/11/14

#November 14th, 2019
Maintenance Period: November 14th 14:00 - 20:00 JST.

#Mandatory App Update
An app update for Android/iOS.  

Update content:
- Compliance with app store terms and conditions changes.
- Implementation of new features.
- Addition of a dialog box with account binding options for fresh app installs upon start-up.
- Addition of more confirmation pop-ups for in-game actions.
- Bug fixes.

※ Depending on the device, the time when the app update goes live will vary.  
※ The update will download about 1.7GB of data.  
※ Please bind your account before the maintenance. You may use the in-game generated account binding code or bind with a Twitter account.  
※ Please do not uninstall the game during the update.  

#New Events
##1. Limited Event "Manjuu Factory."
Event Period: November 14th after maintenance - December 15th 23:59 JST.

- Obtain Belfast's skin "Shopping with the Head Maid" by clearing limited event missions.
Event missions consist of 3 parts, Login 「ログイン」, Delivery 「委託」, and Production 「生産」, each with its own button on the event page.

1. Login: after logging in for that day, push the Login 「ログイン」 button to complete this step.
2. Delivery: complete delivery missions for Belfast.
3. Production: spend a certain amount of Fuel.

※ Delivery missions will appear after the Login button has been pushed.  
※ One event mission will unlock daily from November 14th to 27th.

##2. Fall Login Bonus.
Event Period: November 14th after maintenance - December 15th 23:59 JST.

Log into the game and obtain limited furniture!

#New Features
##1. New additions to Light Construction.
Construction Period: November 14th after maintenance - November 21st maintenance.

Permanent addition with temporary rate-up: 
- R Light Cruiser Glasgow - 5%

Limited addition:
- R Destroyer Stanly (no rate up)

##2. Secretary ship feature update.
Increased the maximum number of secretary ships to 5.  
Unlocking additional secretary ship slots requires clearing main story chapters.

Update details:
1. Duplicate ships can be added as secretaries.
2. Only the initial secretary ship slot (leftmost slot) will passively increase ship affection and be displayed to other players.
3. Secretary ship management page can be accessed from the player profile page. In this page you can change the ship's skin and background and toggle on/off L2D.
4. A random secretary ship will be displayed on the home screen every time. Only 1 secretary ship can be shown.
5. There will be a button on the home screen for changing which secretary is displayed.

##3. Polaris Chat Group conversations will be viewable after Crescendo of Polaris event ends.
The name of this feature may change the next time this feature becomes available.
Chat group history will not be viewable to players who did not participate in the event.

##4. Voice additions.
Skin:
- Gascogne - Beach Adaptive Armor: Mikako Komatsu

#Fixes
1. Jamaica's skill "Allies of Justice" now applies to Sheffield (Muse).
2. UI, text, and other small fixes.

