#Recent News/JP/2019/07/31

#July 31th, 2019
Maintenance Period: July 31st 14:00 - 22:00 JST.

##New Events
###1. Limited Event "Sandplay Therapy."
Event Period: July 31st after maintenance - August 15th maintenance.

Stages B/D will be unlocked on August 1st, 12:00 JST.

New stage gimmick "Defensive Battle" 

A "defense battle" is a special stage where the goal is to defend a "port" on the map.


1. On the sea area map, a friendly "port" is placed, and the enemy moves toward the port.
2. If you allow an enemy to enter the harbor/port area, the harbor will be damaged and the stage will lost if the durability on the lower left of the screen becomes 0.
3. You can check the Defensive Stage Clearing Condition by tapping "Win Condition".
4. At the time of stage clearing, in addition to the rewards that can be earned when destroying a normal enemy fleet, you can also obtain "Black Battle Stars" according to the remaining endurance of the port.



Details about SP Stage "Intensely Fought Defensive Parameter"

The SP Stage "Intensely Fought Defensive Parameter" is a special "defense" stage that can only be cleared once a day.



1. To clear the SP stage, it is necessary to destroy all enemy "Advanced Bases" appearing on the map.
2. "Advanced Bases" is a special area that generates enemies at regular intervals, and it can be destroyed if multiple battles are performed while allies occupy that area.
3. Enemy submarines that appear in the SP stage move while submerged, and allies will be damaged if they come in contact, but they will rise at regular intervals.

When in contact with a submarine, you can destroy it in "anti-submarine combat".

In addition, enemy submarines cause great damage to the friendly port, so it is recommended to destroy them first.

※ In order to attack enemy submarines, it is necessary to put in ships capable of anti-submarine battle such as "Destroyers" and "Light Cruisers" in the formation, furthermore - equip "Sonar", and detect the location of enemy submarines.

※ "Sonar" can be obtained by "SOS" and "rescue signal", and weekly challenge "Supply Line Disruption".

4. On the map, there is a “warehouse” to recover allied ammunition, a “dock” to recover health point, a “blocker” to generate objects to disrupt the enemy, and an “anti-submarine” field to deactivate the enemy submarines. 
5. It is recommended to use about lvl 110 ships in this mission.


★ How to Play  
Black Battle Stars can be obtained by clearing event stages and completing limited event missions.

Black Battle Stars can be used in the following ways:
- Black Battle Stars can be exchanged for rewards such as SSR Submarine Cavalla in the event shop.
- Rewards such as SR Light Carrier Bataan can be unlocked by reaching certain milestones of total Black Battle Stars obtained.
Please check your progress and receive the rewards by tapping the event banner on the home screen.

SSR Cavalla and R Destroyer Aylwin can be obtained as drops from certain stages in both normal and hard mode.

In addition to the limited event stages, there will be two extra stages:
1. Bonus SP stage that you can challenge once daily to earn a large amount of Black Battle Stars.
2. EX stage.

Furthermore, rewards such as R Light Cruiser San Juan can be obtained from special "total fuel used" missions.
One mission will unlock daily from July 31st to August 9th.

★ Note
- Black Battle Stars event shop will be available until August 21st, 23:59 JST.
- Rewards for Black Battle Stars milestones will be available until August 21st, 23:59 JST.
- Rewards for total fuel used missions will be available until August 15th maintenance.
- Daily first clears of normal mode stages will reward 3x Black Battle Stars.
- The event will utilize the Danger Gauge system.
- Note that this event will have submarines.

##New Features
###1. Limited Construction.
Construction Period: July 31st after maintenance - August 15th maintenance.

SSR  
- Alabama: 2% (rate up)
- Baltimore: 2% (rate up)

SR  
- Birmingham: 2.5% (rate up)

R  
- Aylwin: 5% (rate up)

※ Other ships will appear in the limited pool.  
※ These limited ships will be added to permanent pool in the future.

###2. Skin additions.  
Sale Period: July 31st after maintenance - August 14th 23:59 JST.  
New:  
- Cavalla - Operation Convenience Store!
- Baltimore - After-School Ace
- Aylwin - Sunday Aquarium
- Birmingham - Knight in Red
- Bataan - Fluffy Pajamas

###3. "Fuel Pack" and "Construction Pack" added to the Shop.

###4. Character story additions.
Cavalla: Don't treat me like a kid!

Set your ship as secretary and tap her to begin her character story.

###5. Added login furniture reward for August.

###6. Voice additions.
Base:
- U-101: Sayumi Suzushiro

Skin:
- Saratoga - Virtual Idol: Sumire Uesaka
- Akashi - Welcome to Island!: Sumire Uesaka
- Dunkerque - Afternoon Venus: Sayaka Harada
- U-101 - Posaunist of the School: Sayumi Suzushiro
- Jintsuu - The Tactician on Vacation: Hisako Kanemoto

Retrofit:  
- Köln Kai: Ryouko Ono
- Leipzig Kai: Ryouko Ono
- London Kai: Naomi Mukaiyama
- Hermes Kai: Yuuna Inamura

###7. Core Shop restock.
The Core Shop line-up for August will be unchanged, and all exchanged items will be restocked.

##Fixes
UI, text, and other small fixes.

##Ongoing Events
1. Event Prelude The Approaching Storm.
2. Furniture series Cyberspace for sale.

##Ending Events
1. Limited skin event "Sunflower in the Shade."
